yammer/integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/knowledge-base-community-flow-qna-maker.md, before:

---
title: "Create a knowledge-based commnity in Yammer by using QnA Maker and Flow"
ms.author: v-irpast
author: IrenePasternack
manager: pamgreen
ms.date: 2/8/2019
ms.audience: Admin
ms.topic: reference
localization_priority: Normal
ms.service: yammer
ms.custom: Adm_Yammer
search.appverid:
- MET150
- MOE150
- YAE150
description: "Integrate Yammer, Azure QnA Maker, and Microsoft Flow to build a knowledge base to automatically answer questions posed in the Yammer group."
---

# Create a knowledge-based community in Yammer by using QnA Maker and Flow

This article provides steps to set up a Yammer group to provide automated answers to questions posted in the group. This solution integrates Yammer with Azure QnA Maker and Microsoft Flow, and uses SharePoint Online and Outlook features available to all Yammer Office 365 connected groups.  

- QnA Maker, a service that builds a question and answer service from your semi-structured content, is used to find relevant answers for user's natural language questions. 

- Flow provides the necessary workflow between QnA maker, the Yammer group, SharePoint Online, and Outlook to handle questions that don't already have answers defined and store new questions and answers. 

Once you have this integration set up with a small list of questions and answers, users will be able to post questions in the group and receive automatic answers. If a user asks a question that doesn't have a clear match, the proposed answer is forwarded to a specific person to verify. Each verified answer is included as a response to the question, and also expands the knowledge base so it can be used for future questions.

After you get the integration working with the sample content provided, you can replace the sample content with relevant questions and answers for your organization.

For more ideas about how to use this integration to help with any situation where many people have similar questions such as new employee onboarding, self-help for IT problems, event planning, or communicating about organizational changes, see [Crowdsourcing to Create a Knowledge Base in Yammer](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Yammer-Blog/Crowdsourcing-to-Create-a-Knowledge-Base-in-Yammer/ba-p/314869).

## Prerequisites

- An Azure subscription and an account with permissions to create resource groups and resources.

- An Office 365 license: Business Essentials/Premium or Enterprise E1/E3/E5.

- Office 365 connected groups enabled for your Yammer network.

- A Yammer Office 365 connected group to use for the automated knowledge base. Because this group will be connected to QnA Maker, it should be a group dedicated to the knowledge base.

## Step 1: Download files needed for this integration

This article has two associated flow packages and an Excel spreadsheet containing sample questions and answers.

1. [Download the files from the Yammer technical community](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2054570).

2. Double-click the Knowledge-based-community-files.ZIP file to unzip the files. You'll see the following files:

|**File**|**Description**|
|:-------|:--------------|
|SampleFAQs.xlsx|Sample questions to seed the automated knowledge base.|
|YammerFAQs.zip|Zip file containing a package for the flow that connects Yammer to QnAMaker.|
|AddItemToQNAMaker.zip|Zip file containing a package for the flow that connects the group's SharePoint list to QnAMaker.|

## Step 2: Use QnA Maker to create a knowledge base

In this step, you'll use the Microsoft Azure QnA Maker web service to create an instance of QnA Maker for your organization. If you want to read about QnA Maker before you get started, see [What is QnA Maker?](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/QnAMaker/overview/overview). 

1. Open https://www.qnamaker.ai/Create, and sign in with your Azure account. 

     ![Azure QnA Maker initial page](../media/kb/create-kb-step-1.png)
 
2. Click **Create a QnA service**. This opens a new browser window to the Azure portal.
    ![QnA Maker Create page](../media/kb/azure-resource-group.png)
 
   a. Enter a **Name**. For example: **qna-maker-yammer**.

   b. Choose a **Management pricing tier**. **F0** is enough for this sample.

   c. Choose a **Search pricing tier**. **F** is enough for this sample.

   d. If **Name** does not pass validation, update it.

   e. Select values for the other fields and then click **Create**.

   f. After the deployment finishes, go to the Resource group.

     ![QnA Maker resource group page](../media/kb/create-qna-maker.png)
 
   g. Open the **Cognitive Services** resource, and then click **Keys**.
   
     ![QnA Maker resource management keys page](../media/kb/azure-cognitive-services.png)
 
   h. Copy  the value for **KEY 1**. This value will be used to initialize the **Cognitive Services Key** variable in the Yammer FAQs flow that will be imported and updated later.

3. Go back to the knowledge base create page that you opened.

   ![QnA Maker step 2, Connect your QnA service to your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-2.png)
 
    a. Click **refresh this page**, and then choose the QnA service from your Azure directories and subscriptions.

4. In the **Name** field, enter a name for the kb. For example: **Sample QnA FAQ**
  
     ![QnA Maker step 3, Name your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-3.png)
 
5. Populate the kb with a base source by clicking **+ Add file** and uploading the SampleFAQs.xlsx file that you downloaded in Step 1.

   ![QnA Maker step 4, Populate your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-4.png)
 
6. Click **Create your kb**.

   ![QnA Maker step 5, Create your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-5.png)
 
7. Click **Save and train**.

   ![Sample knowledge base page](../media/kb/kb-save-train.png)
 
8. Click **PUBLISH**.

   ![Sample QnA FAQ page](../media/kb/kb-publish.png)
 
    a. Click **Publish**.
 
    b. From the **Success** page, copy the three strings indicated in red rectangles below. You'll use these to initialize variables in the Yammer FAQs flow.

   ![Success message from QnA Maker](../media/kb/kb-publish-success.png)

    - Use the top one for the **Knowledge Base Id** variable.

    - Use the middle one for the **Knowledge Base Service Host** variable.

    - Use the bottom one for the **Knowledge Base Endpoint Key** variable and **QnA Maker connection**.

## Step 3: Create a list of intitial questions and answers in the Yammer group's SharePoint site

In this step you'll create the structure for the list of questions and answers, and populate it with some sample questions and answers. Once you get the integration working with the sample, you can replace the content of the list with questions and answers that apply to your own content.

1. Open an Office 365 connected group in Yammer and click **SharePoint Site**.

   ![Sample of Office 365 connected Yammer group page](../media/kb/yammer-group-o365-resources.png)

2. Copy the site URL. You'll use this to configure the **Create item** node of the Yammer FAQs flow.

   ![SharePoint site associated with the Office 365 connected group, showing URL for later use](../media/kb/sp-site.png)

    a. Create a new list named **QnA**. Click **+ New**, and then click **List**.

   ![SharePoint site associated with the Office 365 connected group, with New List highlighted](../media/kb/sp-new-list.png)
 
    b. In the **Name** textbox, enter **QnA**, and then click **Create**.
 
   ![New list dialog box](../media/kb/sp-new-list-dialog.png)
 
3. To rename the **Title** column to **Question**, click **Title**, click **Column settings**, and then click **Rename**.

   ![SharePoint page, showing Column settings](../media/kb/sp-qna-rename-title-column.png)
  
    a. In the **Name** textbox, enter **Question**, and then click **Save**.
 
   ![Rename column dialog box](../media/kb/sp-qna-rename-title-column-dialog.png)
 
4. To create a new column named **Answer**, click **+ Add column**, and then click **Multiple lines of text**.
 
   ![SharePoint list, showing Add column](../media/kb/sp-qna-add-column.png)
 
    a. In the **Name** textbox, enter **Answer**, and then click **Save**.
 
   ![Sample Answer column](../media/kb/sp-qna-add-column-answer.png)
 
5. In your new list, upload a few questions and answers. There is a sample set of questions and answers in the SampleFAQs.xlsx file in the download that you can use as you experiment with your integration.

## Step 4: Update the flow that connects your Yammer group with QnA Maker

1. Open https://flow.microsoft.com, and sign in with your work account.
 
   ![Sign in to https://flow.microsoft.com](../media/kb/flow-sign-in.png)
 
2. Upload the **YammerFAQs.zip** flow package that you downloaded in Step 1.

    a. Click **My flows**.
 
   ![My flows page, highlighting the Import button](../media/kb/flow-my-import.png)
 
    b. Click **Import**.
 
   ![Import package page, highlighting the Upload button](../media/kb/flow-import-package.png)
 
    c. Click **Upload**, then select the **YammerFAQs.zip** file you downloaded.

   ![Import package page, showing the file being uploaded](../media/kb/flow-import-package-uploading.png)
 
3. After the package has been uploaded, modify the **IMPORT SETUP** configuration for the **Related resources**.
 
   ![Import package page, showing the Import Setup column](../media/kb/flow-create-as-new.png)
 
    a. In the QnA Maker resource, click **Select during import**.
 
   ![Import setup page, showing the Create new button](../media/kb/flow-setup-qna-maker.png)
 
    b. Click **+ Create new**.
 
   ![Flow page showing New Connection button](../media/kb/flow-new-connection.png)
 
    c. Click **+ New connection**, then search for **QnA Maker**.
 
   ![New connection page, showing search for QnA Maker](../media/kb/flow-new-connection-qna-maker.png)
 
    d. Click the **QnA Maker** provided by Microsoft.
 
   ![QnA Maker connection, showing the API Key box](../media/kb/flow-new-connection-qna-maker-api-key.png)
 
    e. Paste the **Knowledge Base Endpoint Key** into the **API Key** box, then click **Create**.

    f. Go back to the **Import setup panel** and click **Refresh list**.
 
   ![Import setup page, showing the Refresh list button](../media/kb/flow-setup-qna-maker-2.png)
 
    g. The **QnA Maker** connection you just created will appear. Select it, then click **Save**.

4. Use the steps under step 4 above as a guide to configure the rest of the connections (shown in the red rectangles in the picture below). Refer to the screenshots below for all the connections to help you search for and locate the appropriate connections.
 
   ![Related resources page, showing the Import Setup column](../media/kb/flow-setup-others.png)
 
    - **Yammer Connection**
 
       ![Yammer connector](../media/kb/flow-new-yammer-connection.png)
 
    - **Approvals Connection**
 
       ![Approval connector](../media/kb/flow-new-approval-connection.png)
 
    - **SharePoint Connection**
 
       ![SharePoint connector](../media/kb/flow-new-sharepoint-connection.png)
 
5. At the bottom of the page, click **Import**.
 
   ![Import page, showing importing in progress](../media/kb/flow-importing.png)
 
    a. After the flow has successfully imported, click **Open flow**.
 
   ![Flow page, showing Open flow link](../media/kb/flow-imported.png)
 
6. Update the flow.
 
   ![Flow page showing steps of flow](../media/kb/flow-yammer-faqs.png)
 
    a. Click the first node, and choose the Yammer group you created or used earlier.

   ![First page of flow, showing the Group Id and Network Id fields](../media/kb/flow-choose-yammer-group.png)
 
    b. Use the values you collected earlier to initialize the variables:

      - **Knowledge Base** 

         - Id

         - Service Host

         - Endpoint Key

      - **Cognitive Services Key**

    c. To initialize a variable's value, click an Initialize variable node, and then paste the value into the **Value** box.

   ![Initialize variable for the Knowledge Base ID](../media/kb/flow-intialize-variable.png)
 
    d. Initialize **Approval Assigned To**, and fill the value with your Office 365 work email. 

    This sets you up as the official approver of suggested answers from the QnA Maker for your knowledge base. This is useful while you're building and testing your integration, and you can change it later to the person who will be responsible for verifying proposed answers.
 
   ![Initialize variable for Approval Assigned To](../media/kb/flow-approval-assigned-to-variable.png)
 
    e. Find the **Create item** node and paste in the SharePoint Site URL. To find **Create item**: 

      1. Click **Check if the message is a question**.
   
      ![Flow, showing location of Check if the message is a question](../media/kb/flow-sp-check-if-question.png)

      2. Under the **If yes** condition, click **Apply to each answer**.   
      
      ![Flow, showing location of Apply to each answer](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-yes.png)

      3. Click **Check the confidence level**.   
     
      ![Flow, showing location of Check the confidence level](../media/kb/flow-sp-con-level.png)

      4. In the **If no** section, click **If Approved**.   
     
      ![Flow, showing location of If Approved](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-approved.png)

      5. In the **If no** section, click **Create item**.   
      
      ![Flow, showing location of Create item](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-no-createitem.png)

      6. Paste the SharePoint Site URL in the **Site Address** text box.   
      
      ![Flow Create item, showing the location of the Site Address field](../media/kb/flow-sp-create-item.png)
 
    f. Click **Save**.

   ![Flow, showing the Save button](../media/kb/flow-save.png)

## Step 5: Import and update the flow that adds items from Yammer to QNA Maker

1. To import **AddItemToQnAMakerFlow.zip** flow package that you downloaded in Step 1, use the same process you used to import the previous flow.
 
   ![Import package to Flow](../media/kb/flow-2-create-as-new.png)
 
> [!NOTE]
> Instead of creating a new SharePoint Connection, you can select the one you created earlier. 

2. Update the flow.

    a. Click the first node, and paste the SharePoint Site URL into the **Site Address** text box.

       ![SharePoint Connector showing the site address](../media/kb/flow-when-new-item-created.png)
 
    b. Use the values you collected earlier to initialize **Knowledge Base Id** and **Cognitive Services Key**.
 
       ![Initialize Knowledge Base Id and Cognitive Services ID](../media/kb/flow-2-variables.png)
 
3. To save the flow, click **Save**.

## Step 6: Try it! Ask sample questions in the Yammer group

Now that you have everything set up, you can ask some suggested sample questions in your Yammer group, and see how they are turned into official answers, using the sample content you put in SharePoint. You'll see what happens when QnA Maker identifies an answer, and when it isn't sure it has an answer.

1. Ask the following sample question in your Yammer group: 
**Who is the target audience for the QnA Maker tool?**
 
   ![QnA Maker screen showing a question asked in the Yammer group](../media/kb/qna-maker-1.png)
 
Wait up to two minutes for an answer.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing the answer to the previous question](../media/kb/yammer-qa-1.png)
 
2. Ask a question to the Yammer Group that is slightly different then what the knowledge base is expecting, such as:
**Please let me know is the QnA Maker cost-free?**
 
   ![QnA Maker screen showing a different question](../media/kb/qna-maker-2.png)
 
    a. The Cognitive Services will identify that this question is similar to one that it has an answer for, but it is not quite confident enough that it is correct, so it will trigger an email for approver verification.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing that QnA Maker needs to get more information](../media/kb/yammer-qa-2.png)
 
    b. The approver will then review the answer that the Cognitive Service wants to provide and then Approve it Outlook.
 
   ![Approval email with suggested answer pending approval](../media/kb/outlook-approve.png)
 
    c. A new answer will then be provided in the Yammer conversation
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing the answer to the previous question](../media/kb/yammer-qa-2-2.png)
 
    d. The question asked will be added to the knowledge base by the flow so that the question can be answered quicker in the future.
 
   ![Knowledge base showing how new question is added](../media/kb/qna-maker-2-2.png)
 
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you ask the same question again, you will get the answer immediately. 

3. Ask a question that is not in the knowledge base: 
**Can we create a live event in a Yammer group?**
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing response when no answer is found in knowledge base](../media/kb/yammer-qa-3.png)
 
   a. Just like before, Cognitive Services will look for approval. In Outlook, reject the wrong answer, and input the correct answer in the comments box, then click **Submit**.
 
   ![Approval email with suggested answer pending approval](../media/kb/outlook-reject.png)
 
    b. A new answer will be provided in the Yammer conversation.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing new answer](../media/kb/yammer-qa-3-2.png)
 
    c. The question asked will be added to the QnA list by the Yammer FAQs flow.
 
   ![QnA list showing the new question](../media/kb/sp-qna-item-added.png)
 
    d. Finally, the newly added SharePoint list item will be added to the knowledge base by the Add Item to QnA Marker flow.
 
   ![Knowledge base showing how new question is added](../media/kb/qna-maker-item-added.png)
 
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you ask the same question again, you will get the answer immediately. 

## Step 7: Replace the sample content with your own

Now that you have the integration working with sample content, replace the sample content with appropriate content for your organization.

Thank you to Todd Baginski, Microsoft MVP, for developing this integration.

Commit message:

Added note for KB language
https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro/issues/293

yammer/integrate-yammer-with-other-apps/knowledge-base-community-flow-qna-maker.md, after:

---
title: "Create a knowledge-based commnity in Yammer by using QnA Maker and Flow"
ms.author: v-irpast
author: IrenePasternack
manager: pamgreen
ms.date: 2/8/2019
ms.audience: Admin
ms.topic: reference
localization_priority: Normal
ms.service: yammer
ms.custom: Adm_Yammer
search.appverid:
- MET150
- MOE150
- YAE150
description: "Integrate Yammer, Azure QnA Maker, and Microsoft Flow to build a knowledge base to automatically answer questions posed in the Yammer group."
---

# Create a knowledge-based community in Yammer by using QnA Maker and Flow

This article provides steps to set up a Yammer group to provide automated answers to questions posted in the group. This solution integrates Yammer with Azure QnA Maker and Microsoft Flow, and uses SharePoint Online and Outlook features available to all Yammer Office 365 connected groups.  

- QnA Maker, a service that builds a question and answer service from your semi-structured content, is used to find relevant answers for user's natural language questions. 

- Flow provides the necessary workflow between QnA maker, the Yammer group, SharePoint Online, and Outlook to handle questions that don't already have answers defined and store new questions and answers. 

Once you have this integration set up with a small list of questions and answers, users will be able to post questions in the group and receive automatic answers. If a user asks a question that doesn't have a clear match, the proposed answer is forwarded to a specific person to verify. Each verified answer is included as a response to the question, and also expands the knowledge base so it can be used for future questions.

After you get the integration working with the sample content provided, you can replace the sample content with relevant questions and answers for your organization.

For more ideas about how to use this integration to help with any situation where many people have similar questions such as new employee onboarding, self-help for IT problems, event planning, or communicating about organizational changes, see [Crowdsourcing to Create a Knowledge Base in Yammer](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Yammer-Blog/Crowdsourcing-to-Create-a-Knowledge-Base-in-Yammer/ba-p/314869).

## Prerequisites

- An Azure subscription and an account with permissions to create resource groups and resources.

- An Office 365 license: Business Essentials/Premium or Enterprise E1/E3/E5.

- Office 365 connected groups enabled for your Yammer network.

- A Yammer Office 365 connected group to use for the automated knowledge base. Because this group will be connected to QnA Maker, it should be a group dedicated to the knowledge base.

## Step 1: Download files needed for this integration

This article has two associated flow packages and an Excel spreadsheet containing sample questions and answers.

1. [Download the files from the Yammer technical community](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?linkid=2054570).

2. Double-click the Knowledge-based-community-files.ZIP file to unzip the files. You'll see the following files:

|**File**|**Description**|
|:-------|:--------------|
|SampleFAQs.xlsx|Sample questions to seed the automated knowledge base.|
|YammerFAQs.zip|Zip file containing a package for the flow that connects Yammer to QnAMaker.|
|AddItemToQNAMaker.zip|Zip file containing a package for the flow that connects the group's SharePoint list to QnAMaker.|

## Step 2: Use QnA Maker to create a knowledge base

In this step, you'll use the Microsoft Azure QnA Maker web service to create an instance of QnA Maker for your organization. If you want to read about QnA Maker before you get started, see [What is QnA Maker?](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/QnAMaker/overview/overview). 

1. Open https://www.qnamaker.ai/Create, and sign in with your Azure account. 

     ![Azure QnA Maker initial page](../media/kb/create-kb-step-1.png)
 
2. Click **Create a QnA service**. This opens a new browser window to the Azure portal.
    ![QnA Maker Create page](../media/kb/azure-resource-group.png)
 
   a. Enter a **Name**. For example: **qna-maker-yammer**.

   b. Choose a **Management pricing tier**. **F0** is enough for this sample.

   c. Choose a **Search pricing tier**. **F** is enough for this sample.

   d. If **Name** does not pass validation, update it.

   e. Select values for the other fields and then click **Create**.

   f. After the deployment finishes, go to the Resource group.

     ![QnA Maker resource group page](../media/kb/create-qna-maker.png)
 
   g. Open the **Cognitive Services** resource, and then click **Keys**.
   
     ![QnA Maker resource management keys page](../media/kb/azure-cognitive-services.png)
 
   h. Copy  the value for **KEY 1**. This value will be used to initialize the **Cognitive Services Key** variable in the Yammer FAQs flow that will be imported and updated later.

3. Go back to the knowledge base create page that you opened.

   ![QnA Maker step 2, Connect your QnA service to your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-2.png)
 
    a. Click **refresh this page**, and then choose the QnA service from your Azure directories and subscriptions.

4. In the **Name** field, enter a name for the kb. For example: **Sample QnA FAQ**
  
     ![QnA Maker step 3, Name your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-3.png)
 
5. Populate the kb with a base source by clicking **+ Add file** and uploading the SampleFAQs.xlsx file that you downloaded in Step 1.

    > [!NOTE]
    > You must customize the SampleFAQs to language in which you want your KB. 

   ![QnA Maker step 4, Populate your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-4.png)
 
6. Click **Create your kb**.

   ![QnA Maker step 5, Create your kb](../media/kb/create-kb-step-5.png)
 
7. Click **Save and train**.

   ![Sample knowledge base page](../media/kb/kb-save-train.png)
 
8. Click **PUBLISH**.

   ![Sample QnA FAQ page](../media/kb/kb-publish.png)
 
    a. Click **Publish**.
 
    b. From the **Success** page, copy the three strings indicated in red rectangles below. You'll use these to initialize variables in the Yammer FAQs flow.

   ![Success message from QnA Maker](../media/kb/kb-publish-success.png)

    - Use the top one for the **Knowledge Base Id** variable.

    - Use the middle one for the **Knowledge Base Service Host** variable.

    - Use the bottom one for the **Knowledge Base Endpoint Key** variable and **QnA Maker connection**.

## Step 3: Create a list of intitial questions and answers in the Yammer group's SharePoint site

In this step you'll create the structure for the list of questions and answers, and populate it with some sample questions and answers. Once you get the integration working with the sample, you can replace the content of the list with questions and answers that apply to your own content.

1. Open an Office 365 connected group in Yammer and click **SharePoint Site**.

   ![Sample of Office 365 connected Yammer group page](../media/kb/yammer-group-o365-resources.png)

2. Copy the site URL. You'll use this to configure the **Create item** node of the Yammer FAQs flow.

   ![SharePoint site associated with the Office 365 connected group, showing URL for later use](../media/kb/sp-site.png)

    a. Create a new list named **QnA**. Click **+ New**, and then click **List**.

   ![SharePoint site associated with the Office 365 connected group, with New List highlighted](../media/kb/sp-new-list.png)
 
    b. In the **Name** textbox, enter **QnA**, and then click **Create**.
 
   ![New list dialog box](../media/kb/sp-new-list-dialog.png)
 
3. To rename the **Title** column to **Question**, click **Title**, click **Column settings**, and then click **Rename**.

   ![SharePoint page, showing Column settings](../media/kb/sp-qna-rename-title-column.png)
  
    a. In the **Name** textbox, enter **Question**, and then click **Save**.
 
   ![Rename column dialog box](../media/kb/sp-qna-rename-title-column-dialog.png)
 
4. To create a new column named **Answer**, click **+ Add column**, and then click **Multiple lines of text**.
 
   ![SharePoint list, showing Add column](../media/kb/sp-qna-add-column.png)
 
    a. In the **Name** textbox, enter **Answer**, and then click **Save**.
 
   ![Sample Answer column](../media/kb/sp-qna-add-column-answer.png)
 
5. In your new list, upload a few questions and answers. There is a sample set of questions and answers in the SampleFAQs.xlsx file in the download that you can use as you experiment with your integration.

## Step 4: Update the flow that connects your Yammer group with QnA Maker

1. Open https://flow.microsoft.com, and sign in with your work account.
 
   ![Sign in to https://flow.microsoft.com](../media/kb/flow-sign-in.png)
 
2. Upload the **YammerFAQs.zip** flow package that you downloaded in Step 1.

    a. Click **My flows**.
 
   ![My flows page, highlighting the Import button](../media/kb/flow-my-import.png)
 
    b. Click **Import**.
 
   ![Import package page, highlighting the Upload button](../media/kb/flow-import-package.png)
 
    c. Click **Upload**, then select the **YammerFAQs.zip** file you downloaded.

   ![Import package page, showing the file being uploaded](../media/kb/flow-import-package-uploading.png)
 
3. After the package has been uploaded, modify the **IMPORT SETUP** configuration for the **Related resources**.
 
   ![Import package page, showing the Import Setup column](../media/kb/flow-create-as-new.png)
 
    a. In the QnA Maker resource, click **Select during import**.
 
   ![Import setup page, showing the Create new button](../media/kb/flow-setup-qna-maker.png)
 
    b. Click **+ Create new**.
 
   ![Flow page showing New Connection button](../media/kb/flow-new-connection.png)
 
    c. Click **+ New connection**, then search for **QnA Maker**.
 
   ![New connection page, showing search for QnA Maker](../media/kb/flow-new-connection-qna-maker.png)
 
    d. Click the **QnA Maker** provided by Microsoft.
 
   ![QnA Maker connection, showing the API Key box](../media/kb/flow-new-connection-qna-maker-api-key.png)
 
    e. Paste the **Knowledge Base Endpoint Key** into the **API Key** box, then click **Create**.

    f. Go back to the **Import setup panel** and click **Refresh list**.
 
   ![Import setup page, showing the Refresh list button](../media/kb/flow-setup-qna-maker-2.png)
 
    g. The **QnA Maker** connection you just created will appear. Select it, then click **Save**.

4. Use the steps under step 4 above as a guide to configure the rest of the connections (shown in the red rectangles in the picture below). Refer to the screenshots below for all the connections to help you search for and locate the appropriate connections.
 
   ![Related resources page, showing the Import Setup column](../media/kb/flow-setup-others.png)
 
    - **Yammer Connection**
 
       ![Yammer connector](../media/kb/flow-new-yammer-connection.png)
 
    - **Approvals Connection**
 
       ![Approval connector](../media/kb/flow-new-approval-connection.png)
 
    - **SharePoint Connection**
 
       ![SharePoint connector](../media/kb/flow-new-sharepoint-connection.png)
 
5. At the bottom of the page, click **Import**.
 
   ![Import page, showing importing in progress](../media/kb/flow-importing.png)
 
    a. After the flow has successfully imported, click **Open flow**.
 
   ![Flow page, showing Open flow link](../media/kb/flow-imported.png)
 
6. Update the flow.
 
   ![Flow page showing steps of flow](../media/kb/flow-yammer-faqs.png)
 
    a. Click the first node, and choose the Yammer group you created or used earlier.

   ![First page of flow, showing the Group Id and Network Id fields](../media/kb/flow-choose-yammer-group.png)
 
    b. Use the values you collected earlier to initialize the variables:

      - **Knowledge Base** 

         - Id

         - Service Host

         - Endpoint Key

      - **Cognitive Services Key**

    c. To initialize a variable's value, click an Initialize variable node, and then paste the value into the **Value** box.

   ![Initialize variable for the Knowledge Base ID](../media/kb/flow-intialize-variable.png)
 
    d. Initialize **Approval Assigned To**, and fill the value with your Office 365 work email. 

    This sets you up as the official approver of suggested answers from the QnA Maker for your knowledge base. This is useful while you're building and testing your integration, and you can change it later to the person who will be responsible for verifying proposed answers.
 
   ![Initialize variable for Approval Assigned To](../media/kb/flow-approval-assigned-to-variable.png)
 
    e. Find the **Create item** node and paste in the SharePoint Site URL. To find **Create item**: 

      1. Click **Check if the message is a question**.
   
      ![Flow, showing location of Check if the message is a question](../media/kb/flow-sp-check-if-question.png)

      2. Under the **If yes** condition, click **Apply to each answer**.   
      
      ![Flow, showing location of Apply to each answer](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-yes.png)

      3. Click **Check the confidence level**.   
     
      ![Flow, showing location of Check the confidence level](../media/kb/flow-sp-con-level.png)

      4. In the **If no** section, click **If Approved**.   
     
      ![Flow, showing location of If Approved](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-approved.png)

      5. In the **If no** section, click **Create item**.   
      
      ![Flow, showing location of Create item](../media/kb/flow-sp-if-no-createitem.png)

      6. Paste the SharePoint Site URL in the **Site Address** text box.   
      
      ![Flow Create item, showing the location of the Site Address field](../media/kb/flow-sp-create-item.png)
 
    f. Click **Save**.

   ![Flow, showing the Save button](../media/kb/flow-save.png)

## Step 5: Import and update the flow that adds items from Yammer to QNA Maker

1. To import **AddItemToQnAMakerFlow.zip** flow package that you downloaded in Step 1, use the same process you used to import the previous flow.
 
   ![Import package to Flow](../media/kb/flow-2-create-as-new.png)
 
> [!NOTE]
> Instead of creating a new SharePoint Connection, you can select the one you created earlier. 

2. Update the flow.

    a. Click the first node, and paste the SharePoint Site URL into the **Site Address** text box.

       ![SharePoint Connector showing the site address](../media/kb/flow-when-new-item-created.png)
 
    b. Use the values you collected earlier to initialize **Knowledge Base Id** and **Cognitive Services Key**.
 
       ![Initialize Knowledge Base Id and Cognitive Services ID](../media/kb/flow-2-variables.png)
 
3. To save the flow, click **Save**.

## Step 6: Try it! Ask sample questions in the Yammer group

Now that you have everything set up, you can ask some suggested sample questions in your Yammer group, and see how they are turned into official answers, using the sample content you put in SharePoint. You'll see what happens when QnA Maker identifies an answer, and when it isn't sure it has an answer.

1. Ask the following sample question in your Yammer group: 
**Who is the target audience for the QnA Maker tool?**
 
   ![QnA Maker screen showing a question asked in the Yammer group](../media/kb/qna-maker-1.png)
 
Wait up to two minutes for an answer.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing the answer to the previous question](../media/kb/yammer-qa-1.png)
 
2. Ask a question to the Yammer Group that is slightly different then what the knowledge base is expecting, such as:
**Please let me know is the QnA Maker cost-free?**
 
   ![QnA Maker screen showing a different question](../media/kb/qna-maker-2.png)
 
    a. The Cognitive Services will identify that this question is similar to one that it has an answer for, but it is not quite confident enough that it is correct, so it will trigger an email for approver verification.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing that QnA Maker needs to get more information](../media/kb/yammer-qa-2.png)
 
    b. The approver will then review the answer that the Cognitive Service wants to provide and then Approve it Outlook.
 
   ![Approval email with suggested answer pending approval](../media/kb/outlook-approve.png)
 
    c. A new answer will then be provided in the Yammer conversation
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing the answer to the previous question](../media/kb/yammer-qa-2-2.png)
 
    d. The question asked will be added to the knowledge base by the flow so that the question can be answered quicker in the future.
 
   ![Knowledge base showing how new question is added](../media/kb/qna-maker-2-2.png)
 
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you ask the same question again, you will get the answer immediately. 

3. Ask a question that is not in the knowledge base: 
**Can we create a live event in a Yammer group?**
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing response when no answer is found in knowledge base](../media/kb/yammer-qa-3.png)
 
   a. Just like before, Cognitive Services will look for approval. In Outlook, reject the wrong answer, and input the correct answer in the comments box, then click **Submit**.
 
   ![Approval email with suggested answer pending approval](../media/kb/outlook-reject.png)
 
    b. A new answer will be provided in the Yammer conversation.
 
   ![Yammer conversation showing new answer](../media/kb/yammer-qa-3-2.png)
 
    c. The question asked will be added to the QnA list by the Yammer FAQs flow.
 
   ![QnA list showing the new question](../media/kb/sp-qna-item-added.png)
 
    d. Finally, the newly added SharePoint list item will be added to the knowledge base by the Add Item to QnA Marker flow.
 
   ![Knowledge base showing how new question is added](../media/kb/qna-maker-item-added.png)
 
    > [!NOTE]
    > If you ask the same question again, you will get the answer immediately. 

## Step 7: Replace the sample content with your own

Now that you have the integration working with sample content, replace the sample content with appropriate content for your organization.

Thank you to Todd Baginski, Microsoft MVP, for developing this integration.
